Install ergoCubEmotions application even with COMPILE_ergoCubEmotions off (#196)
icub-tech-iit/ergocub-software: app/ergoCubEmotions/CMakeLists.txt

> ################################################################################
> #                                                                              #
> # Copyright (C) 2023 Fondazione Istitito Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT)          #
> # All Rights Reserved.                                                         #
> #                                                                              #
> ################################################################################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copyright (C) 2006-2022 Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia (IIT)
# All rights reserved.
#
# This software may be modified and distributed under the terms of the
# BSD-3-Clause license. See the accompanying LICENSE file for details.
```

project(ergoCubEmotions)
cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.12)

> find_package(YARP 3.7.2 REQUIRED)

Reviewer 2: I would avoid putting two `find_package(YARP)` so I think it is the case of move it in the root CMakeLists.txt, this will make YARP mandatory for having just `YARP_CONTEXTS_INSTALL_DIR` but I didn't find any other solution

cc @traversaro

Reviewer: I agree with @Nicogene . Unless there is a specific reason to have theme here, I would also get rid of the `project` and `cmake_minimum_required` calls, as thy would only mess the `PROJECT_` variables and the CMake policy used in this subdirectory, with no benefit.
